# smartHome
Hey, I have created this app for my university project course. Here, I used a login form to restrict the unknown people to connect with my home via this app using Bluetooth. Here, I published it for you support. I used "ashikFaisal" and "roll245" as username and password respectively. After login, you need to connect the app with arduino via bluetooth by touching the bluetooth icon and selecting the bluetooth module that is paired to your android.  1) When you touch on the off bulb icon it sends a text "B" via bluetooth and when you touch the on bulb icon it send a text "b" via bluetooth. 2) When you touch on the off fan icon it sends a text "F" via bluetooth and when you touch the on fan icon it send a text "f" via bluetooth. 3) When you touch on the off TV icon it sends a text "T" via bluetooth and when you touch the on TV icon it send a text "t" via bluetooth. 4) When you touch on the off AC icon it sends a text "A" via bluetooth and when you touch the on AC icon it send a text "a" via bluetooth. 5) When you touch on the locked door icon it sends a text "D" via bluetooth and when you touch the unlocked door icon it send a text "d" via bluetooth. 6) When you touch on the closed garage icon it sends a text "G" via bluetooth and when you touch the open garage icon it send a text "g" via bluetooth.  You need to check this text in arduino to switch or control the room light, fan, ac, tv etc.  After publishing this app, I will try to make this app voice control using Google Speech Recognition feature. Hope you be happy having this nice app.  Ooooh, one thing is missed to inform you that this is my first android app invented by MIT App Inventor 2.
